### Logic

Things that still need to be done/fleshed out:
 - Storing parsed keyword for use on confirmation
  - Entering "yes/no" by themselves (not confirming anything) does not; checks against last 2 lines written?
 - Stores more than 1 parsed keyword to queue up drawings
 - Scripts for drawing a tree and a cloud
 - Checks to see if the Create is still drawing if the user enters something, so that commands do not get lost
  - Give feedback if Create is still drawing, "Hang on a second..."

Things that I would like to do:
 - Be able to pass variables to the python scripts for sizing and repeats, "Draw 2 big circles!"


### Permissions

So, yea, my problems yesterday with the scripts not running were due to permissions...again. Specifically, the python folder:

```
$ sudo chmod -R ugo+rwx /home/pi/design_by_roomba/python
$ ls -la
4 drwxrwxrwx 2 www-data www-data  4096 May 28 22:37 python
```
That being fixed, the scripts are running from the webpage again:

<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBUEp7T9TMQ&feature=youtu.be>

#### Details

Adjusted all the shape scripts since I thought it was using millimeters at first, but in actuality, it was running in centimeters. Once the sizing got straightened out, I could test timing and interruptions.

Timing for the Python scripts:

| Shape | Dimensions (cm) | Time to Complete (s) |
|:-----:|:----------:|:----------------:|
|Square|45 x 45 | 20 |
|Triangle | 45 x 45 x 45 | 17 |
|Line| 45 | 4.2 |

Time it takes just to call the script and load it into the Create's memory, from the time the command is submitted on the web front-end to the time the Create begins to move, is between 2.5-3 seconds. That's kind of a long think time, but nothing I can really do about that.

Also, the circle script apparently needs an additional stop script :tongue:

An interesting find: all the scripts can be interrupted if you enter another command before its completed the last one, but some (circle) will do it imediately, while others have about a 1-2 second delay. Based on this, I don't think I should have a confirmation on each command request, it would take too long.
 
[Back](27.md) | [Next](29.md)
