### Discussion notes and things to think about

In discussions with my professor, some interesting ideas came up, in reference to adding an additional layer to this project. We talked about giving the Create more of an agency, maybe a personality or mind of it's own.

 - What if the Create, after drawing for a little bit, starts to get some ideas about what should come next?
 - What if the Create has it's own ideas about what is asethetically pleasing? What makes a good layout?
   - If the piece becomes too busy in one quadrant, maybe the Create forces some longer strides or lines, to bring the piece out a bit.
   - What if the Create begins submitting "votes" for the next direction or pattern?
 - What if the Create has this urge to return to it's "natural" movements, spiraling choatically, and the user is constantly fighting this?
   - What if the Create is partical to making long, smooth curves, and when forced to do too many short, straight lines it gets upset (i.e. plays 'sad' tone)?
     - What if it plays a 'happy' tone when doing moves it likes? Or when it's on a roll?
       - What does it mean for the Create to be 'on a roll'?
       - What if the Create does some quantiative analysis after the drawing is done, and issues a 'critique' (probably a tone or canned Siri-like recording)?
 - What if the Create has a stored bank of canned design patterns, and after each move, compares it to it's database until it finds a match, attempting to predict what you are trying to draw; then takes over and finishes the drawing for you?
