# Init > Design by Roomba

## Project

As my senior <a href="http://visarts.ucsd.edu/icam-interdisciplinary-computing-and-arts-major">ICAM</a> project at <a href="http://ucsd.edu/">UCSD</a>, I am designing a web app to control a <a href="http://store.irobot.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2586252">Roomba Create</a> that will draw crowdsourced pictures. Users will enter simple commands (forward, backward, left, right) via a web form that will be captured and parsed by a webserver, running on a <a href="http://www.raspberrypi.org/">Raspberry Pi</a> connected to the Roomba, and then turned into serial commands to be carried out. The Roomba will be equiped with an arm holding a Sharpie marker, as it runs over construction paper.

This project will initially be presented and demonstrated at UCSD's Best of ICAM show in June 2014.

**Expected outcome**: ~~Since user cannot see the Roomba,~~ the picture will be rather chaotic, but patterns will emerge.<br>
**Ideal outcome**: There are at least some recognizable patterns in the picture, if not a complete sketch.

### Objective

Give a literal example of 'design by committee' and how it can, and cannot, work to get a specific job done. Does having too many managers hinder progress, or can collaboration fuel greater results?

#### Phases

Optional Phase 2: Set up dropcam overlooking Roomba, with feed displayed on web app side-by-side with command submission form, so users get real time feedback.

Optional Phase 3: Add color; have multiple arms with different color sharpies attached, that lift and set down by servos. User can choose color in addition to directional command on website.

Optional Phase ??: Through Google Analytics on web app, find possible patterns in commands coming from certain countries, devices, OS’s, etc.

#### Equipment

 - <a href="http://store.irobot.com/product/index.jsp?productId=2586252">Roomba Create</a>
 - <a href="http://kaceykaso.github.io/design_by_roomba/index.html">Website with basic form</a>
 - <a href="http://www.raspberrypi.org/">Raspberry Pi</a> ~~or Arduino Yun~~
 - Gallery (Best of ICAM show)
 - Large construction paper
 - Sharpie attached by a clamp or arm on the Roomba


### Challenges

 - Does lag, if any, create a significant problem in the design?
 - Does the Roomba get overloaded if too many commands are sent simultaneously?
 - How do you reset the Roomba when it hits a wall, so that it doesn’t interrupt the design?
 - Does the Raspberry Pi being on and constantly checking the web significantly affect the Roomba’s battery life?

How do you handle command overload or button-mashing by the users? If commands are lost, or the queue gets to long, is it still intuitive that the user is in control? Or does the length of time between hitting the button and the command being carried out create a disconnect?

 - Possible solution #1: Freeze/disable web form for 2 seconds (or length of time it takes Roomba to get command and carry it out), and free the form when the Roomba is ready again. This could create greater user frustration/confusion/distrust in process.
 - Possible solution #2: Have predetermined/scripted shapes/patterns that the user chooses from (triangle, circle, square, etc), as opposed to directional commands, that the Roomba then carries out. User must wait until script is done and Roomba has finished drawing before giving another command.
 - Possible solution #3: Implement a voting system on the website along side the form, so that tallies are taken for a specific directional command, over the 2 or so seconds it takes Roomba to complete a command. Once Roomba has finished and is ready for a new command, the direction with the most votes wins and is carried out. The tallies then all go back to zero and voting begins again. This would handle both many users button mashing as well as only one user giving commands, so that the users recieve feedback on why commands are not instant, and does not freeze up the form in the meantime. This would aslo add a higher level of competition between the managers, creating more interest/intrique in merely submitting commands and seeing whose 'team' wins each mini round.


### Timeline







